DOCS-#2635: Refactor troubleshooting docs and add FAQs (#3816)
modin-project/modin: docs/getting_started/faq.rst

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
=================================

Below, you will find answers to the most commonly asked questions about
Modin. If you still cannot find the answer you are looking for, please post on 
the #support channel on our Slack_ community or open a Github issue_.

What’s the issue with pandas? Why should I use Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> In pandas, you are only able to use one core at a time when you are doing computation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While pandas work extremely well on small datasets, as soon as you start working with 
medium to large datasets that are more than a few GBs, pandas can become painfully 
slow or run out of memory. This is because pandas is single-threaded, in other words, 
you can only process your data with one core at a time.
```

> any kind. This approach does not scale on larger data sets and adding more hardware does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any kind. This approach does not scale to larger data sets and adding more hardware does not
```

> solve the problem.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lead to more performance gain. 
```

> The ``modin.pandas`` `DataFrame`_ is an extremely light-weight parallel DataFrame. Modin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``modin.pandas`` `DataFrame`_ is a highly scalable, parallel DataFrame. Modin
```

> transparently distributes the data and computation so that all you need to do is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transparently distributes the data and computation so that you can
```

> continue using the pandas API as you were before installing Modin. With Modin, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
continue using the same pandas API while being able to work with more data faster. With Modin, 
```

you are able to use all of the CPU cores on your machine, and because of it's light-weight

> nature often results in less memory overhead than pandas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nature often results in less memory overhead than pandas. See `this page <../getting_started/pandas>`
to learn more about how Modin is different from pandas. 
```

Reviewer: check if link works

Why not just improve pandas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
pandas is a massive community and well established codebase. Many of the issues
we have identified and resolved with pandas are fundamental to its current
implementation. While we would be happy to donate parts of Modin that
make sense in pandas, many of these components would require significant (or
total) redesign of the pandas architecture. Modin's architecture goes beyond
pandas, which is why the pandas API is just a thin layer at the user level. To learn
more about Modin's architecture, see the architecture_ documentation.

How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Modin is designed to scale with the amount of hardware available.
Even in a traditionally serial task like ``read_csv``, we see large gains by efficiently 
distributing the work across your entire machine. Because it is so light-weight, 
Modin provides speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores. This speedup scales

> efficiently with larger machines with more cores. We have several published papers that

Reviewer: Add link to paper

Author: This way the only link I could find online, but there is another paper that has the speedups -- https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.00888. Do you know if that is public yet?

Reviewer: I don't think the other one is public yet.

include performance results and comparisons against pandas.

How much more data would I be able to process with Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
We have focused heavily on bridging the solutions between DataFrames for small 
data (e.g. pandas) and large data. Often data scientists require different tools 
for doing the same thing on different sizes of data. The DataFrame solutions that 

> exist for 1MB do not scale to 1TB+, and the overheads of the solutions for 1TB+ 

Reviewer: I might be wrong but don't think we've tested Modin on 1TB+. Maybe better to say hundreds of GBs.

are too costly for datasets in the 1KB range. With Modin, because of its light-weight, 
robust, and scalable nature, you get a fast DataFrame at 1MB and 1TB+.

How does Modin work under the hood?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Modin is logically separated into different layers that represent the hierarchy of a 
typical Database Management System. User queries which perform data transformation, 
data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin query compiler which translates 

> queries from the Pandas API Layer and sends them to the Modin Core DataFrame. The Modin

Reviewer: The first two sentences here don't make a lot of sense to a lay reader.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
queries from the pandas API Layer and sends them to the Modin Core DataFrame. The Modin
```

Core DataFrame has an efficient dataframe partitioning schema which allows for extreme
parallelization. From here, the Modin DataFrame works with task parallel frameworks like
Ray or Dask to execute computation, and then return the results to the user.

For more details, take a look at our system architecture_. 

If I’m only using my laptop, can I still get the benefits of Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Absolutely! Unlike other parallel DataFrame systems, Modin is an extremely 
light-weight, robust DataFrame. Because it is so light-weight, Modin provides 
speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores.

> How do I use jupyter/collab notebooks with Modin? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do I use Jupyter or Colab notebooks with Modin? 
```

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Just like you would use any other notebook, just replace your pandas import
with modin:

.. code-block:: python
   # import pandas as pd

>    import modin.pandas as pd

Reviewer: Add link to Colab instructions. Also link to notebook tutorials.

Reviewer 3: BTW, this code-block seems to be isn't rendered for some reason. It even doesn't exist in the code of the HTML page, sphinx build logs may give a hint about the reasons.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62142979/145573567-6d48d608-083a-4a9b-b91b-55776fc364ab.png)

Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Whichever one you want! Modin uses Ray_ or Dask_ to provide an effortless way to speed up 
> your pandas notebooks, scripts, and libraries. Modin will automatically detect which engine you have 
> installed and use that for scheduling computation. If you want to choose a specific 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whichever one you want! Modin supports Ray_ and Dask_ backends to provide an effortless way to speed up your pandas workflows. Modin will automatically detect which engine you have installed and use that for scheduling computation. If you don't have a preference, we recommend starting with Modin's default Ray backend. If you want to use a specific 
```

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
=================================

Below, you will find answers to the most commonly asked questions about
Modin. If you still cannot find the answer you are looking for, please post on 
the #support channel on our Slack_ community or open a Github issue_.

What’s the issue with pandas? Why should I use Modin?

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> While pandas works extremely well on small datasets, as soon as you start working with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

While pandas works extremely well on small datasets, as soon as you start working with 
```

medium to large datasets that are more than a few GBs, pandas can become painfully 
slow or run out of memory. This is because pandas is single-threaded. In other words, 
you can only process your data with one core at a time. This approach does not scale to 
larger data sets and adding more hardware does not lead to more performance gain. 

> The ``modin.pandas`` `DataFrame`_ is a highly scalable, parallel DataFrame. Modin

Reviewer 3: the `'DataFrame'_` link here leads to the [DataFrame definition from pandas docs](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html), is it intended when we're speaking about `modin.pandas DataFrame` here?

Author: I took this from the Github README, but I think it should refer to the Modin DataFrame API page, so will change the link.

transparently distributes the data and computation so that you can

> continue using the same pandas API while being able to work with more data faster. With Modin, 
> you are able to use all of the CPU cores on your machine, and because of it's light-weight
> nature often results in less memory overhead than pandas. See this 

Reviewer 4: The "With Modin" sentence seems awkward . I suggest taking out the "you" and simplifying the clause about memory:

```suggestion
continue using the same pandas API while being able to work with more data faster. Modin lets you use all the CPU cores on your machine, and because it is lightweight, it often has less memory overhead than pandas.
```

Reviewer: LGTM!

:doc:`page </getting_started/pandas>` to learn more about how Modin is different from pandas. 

Why not just improve pandas?

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""
> Pandas is a massive community and well established codebase. Many of the issues

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

pandas is a massive community and well established codebase. Many of the issues
```

we have identified and resolved with pandas are fundamental to its current
implementation. While we would be happy to donate parts of Modin that
make sense in pandas, many of these components would require significant (or
total) redesign of the pandas architecture. Modin's architecture goes beyond
pandas, which is why the pandas API is just a thin layer at the user level. To learn
more about Modin's architecture, see the :doc:`architecture </developer/architecture>` documentation.

How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> Modin is designed to scale with the amount of hardware available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Modin is designed to scale with the amount of hardware available.
```

Even in a traditionally serial task like ``read_csv``, we see large gains by efficiently 
distributing the work across your entire machine. Because it is so light-weight, 
Modin provides speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores. This speedup scales
efficiently to larger machines with more cores. We have several published papers that
include performance results and comparisons against pandas.

How much more data would I be able to process with Modin?

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> We have focused heavily on bridging the solutions between DataFrames for small 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

We have focused heavily on bridging the solutions between DataFrames for small 
```

data (e.g. pandas) and large data. Often data scientists require different tools 
for doing the same thing on different sizes of data. The DataFrame solutions that 
exist for 1MB do not scale to 1TB+, and the overheads of the solutions for 1TB+ 
are too costly for datasets in the 1KB range. With Modin, because of its light-weight, 
robust, and scalable nature, you get a fast DataFrame at 1MB and 1TB+.

How does Modin work under the hood?

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> Modin is logically separated into different layers that represent the hierarchy of a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Modin is logically separated into different layers that represent the hierarchy of a 
```

typical Database Management System. User queries which perform data transformation, 
data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin query compiler which translates 
queries from the Pandas API Layer and sends them to the Modin Core DataFrame. The Modin
Core DataFrame has an efficient dataframe partitioning schema which allows for extreme
parallelization. From here, the Modin DataFrame works with task parallel frameworks like
Ray or Dask to execute computation, and then return the results to the user.

For more details, take a look at our system :doc:`architecture </developer/architecture>`. 

If I’m only using my laptop, can I still get the benefits of Modin?

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> Absolutely! Unlike other parallel DataFrame systems, Modin is an extremely 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Absolutely! Unlike other parallel DataFrame systems, Modin is an extremely 
```

light-weight, robust DataFrame. Because it is so light-weight, Modin provides 
speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores.

> How do I use Jupyter or Colab notebooks with Modin? 
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How do I use Jupyter or Colab notebooks with Modin?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

```

Just like you would use any other notebook, just replace your pandas import

> with modin:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with Modin:
```

.. code-block:: python
   # import pandas as pd
   import modin.pandas as pd

Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?

> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> Whichever one you want! Modin supports Ray_ and Dask_ backends to provide an effortless way 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Whichever one you want! Modin supports Ray_ and Dask_ execution engines to provide an effortless way 
```

to speed up your pandas workflows. Modin will automatically detect which engine you have 
installed and use that for scheduling computation. If you don't have a preference, we recommend 

> starting with Modin's default Ray backend. If you want to use a specific 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
starting with Modin's default Ray engine. If you want to use a specific 
```
We are trying to avoid `backend` word for internal entities. There are `storage_format`, `engine`, `execution` (`storage_format` + `engine`).

compute engine, you can set the environment variable ``MODIN_ENGINE`` and 
Modin will do computation with that engine:

.. code-block:: bash
   pip install "modin[ray]" # Install Modin dependencies and Ray to run on Ray
   export MODIN_ENGINE=ray  # Modin will use Ray

   pip install "modin[dask]" # Install Modin dependencies and Dask to run on Dask
   export MODIN_ENGINE=dask  # Modin will use Dask

We also have an experimental OmniSciDB-based engine of Modin you can read about :doc:`here </developer/using_omnisci>`.

> We plan to support more execution backends in future. If you have a specific request, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We plan to support more execution engines in future. If you have a specific request, 
```

please post on the #feature-requests channel on our Slack_ community. 

How can I contribute to Modin?

> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> **Modin is currently under active development. Requests and contributions are welcome!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**Modin is currently under active development. Requests and contributions are welcome!**
```

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
=================================

Below, you will find answers to the most commonly asked questions about

> Modin. If you still cannot find the answer you are looking for, please post on 

Author: I think I should still keep the "you" here, right?

> Modin. If you still cannot find the answer you are looking for, please post on 

Reviewer: Yes, nice catch! LGTM!

we have identified and resolved with pandas are fundamental to its current
implementation. While we would be happy to donate parts of Modin that
make sense in pandas, many of these components would require significant (or
total) redesign of the pandas architecture. Modin's architecture goes beyond
pandas, which is why the pandas API is just a thin layer at the user level. To learn
more about Modin's architecture, see the :doc:`architecture </developer/architecture>` documentation.

How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Modin is designed to scale with the amount of hardware available.
Even in a traditionally serial task like ``read_csv``, we see large gains by efficiently 
distributing the work across your entire machine. Because it is so light-weight, 
Modin provides speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores. This speedup scales
efficiently to larger machines with more cores. We have several published papers_ that
include performance results and comparisons against pandas.

How much more data would I be able to process with Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> We have focused heavily on bridging the solutions between DataFrames for small 
> data (e.g. pandas) and large data. Often data scientists require different tools 
> for doing the same thing on different sizes of data. The DataFrame solutions that 
> exist for 1MB do not scale to hundreds of GBs, and the overheads of the large-scale solutions 
> are too costly for datasets in the 1KB range. With Modin, because of its light-weight, 
> robust, and scalable nature, you get a fast DataFrame at 1MB and hundreds of GBs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often data scientists have to use different tools for operating on datasets of different sizes. This is not only because processing large dataframes is slow, but also pandas does not support working with dataframes that don't fit into the available memory. As a result, pandas workflows that work well for prototyping on a few MBs of data do not scale to tens or hundreds of GBs (depending on the size of your machine). Modin supports operating on data that does not fit in memory, so that you can comfortably work with hundreds of GBs without worrying about substantial slowdown or memory errors. For more information, see :doc:`out-of-memory support <getting_started/out_of_core.rst>` for Modin.
```

How does Modin work under the hood?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Modin is logically separated into different layers that represent the hierarchy of a 
typical Database Management System. User queries which perform data transformation, 
data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin query compiler which translates 
queries from the top-level pandas API Layer that users interact with to the Modin Core DataFrame_ layer. 
The Modin Core DataFrame is our efficient DataFrame implementation that utilizes a partitioning schema 
which allows for distributing tasks and queries. From here, the Modin DataFrame works with engines like
Ray or Dask to execute computation, and then return the results to the user.

For more details, take a look at our system :doc:`architecture </developer/architecture>`. 

If I’m only using my laptop, can I still get the benefits of Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Absolutely! Unlike other parallel DataFrame systems, Modin is an extremely 
light-weight, robust DataFrame. Because it is so light-weight, Modin provides 

> speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores 
and allows you to work on data that doesn't fit in your laptop's RAM.
```

How do I use Jupyter or Colab notebooks with Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

You can take a look at this Google Colab installation guide_ and

> this notebook tutorial_. Once Modin is installed, just replace your pandas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this notebook tutorial_. Once Modin is installed, simply replace your pandas
```

> import with Modin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import with Modin import:
```

.. code-block:: python

    # import pandas as pd
    import modin.pandas as pd

Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Whichever one you want! Modin supports Ray_ and Dask_ execution engines to provide an effortless way 

> to speed up your pandas workflows. Modin will automatically detect which engine you have 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to speed up your pandas workflows. The best thing is that you don't need to know 
anything about Ray and Dask in order to use Modin and Modin will automatically 
detect which engine you have 
```

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
=================================

Below, you will find answers to the most commonly asked questions about
Modin. If you still cannot find the answer you are looking for, please post your
question on the #support channel on our Slack_ community or open a Github issue_.

> What’s wrong with pandas and why should I use Modin?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What’s wrong with pandas and why should I use Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

While pandas works extremely well on small datasets, as soon as you start working with 
medium to large datasets that are more than a few GBs, pandas can become painfully 
slow or run out of memory. This is because pandas is single-threaded. In other words, 
you can only process your data with one core at a time. This approach does not scale to 
larger data sets and adding more hardware does not lead to more performance gain. 

> The ``modin.pandas`` :doc:`DataFrame </supported_apis/dataframe_supported>` is a highly 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :py:class:`~modin.pandas.dataframe.DataFrame` is a highly 
```

scalable, parallel DataFrame. Modin transparently distributes the data and computation so 
that you can continue using the same pandas API while being able to work with more data faster. 
Modin lets you use all the CPU cores on your machine, and because it is lightweight, it 
often has less memory overhead than pandas. See this :doc:`page </getting_started/pandas>` to 
learn more about how Modin is different from pandas. 

Why not just improve pandas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

pandas is a massive community and well established codebase. Many of the issues
we have identified and resolved with pandas are fundamental to its current
implementation. While we would be happy to donate parts of Modin that
make sense in pandas, many of these components would require significant (or
total) redesign of the pandas architecture. Modin's architecture goes beyond
pandas, which is why the pandas API is just a thin layer at the user level. To learn
more about Modin's architecture, see the :doc:`architecture </developer/architecture>` documentation.

> How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Modin is designed to scale with the amount of hardware available.
Even in a traditionally serial task like ``read_csv``, we see large gains by efficiently 
distributing the work across your entire machine. Because it is so light-weight, 
Modin provides speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores. This speedup scales
efficiently to larger machines with more cores. We have several published papers_ that
include performance results and comparisons against pandas.

> How much more data would I be able to process with Modin?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How much more data would I be able to process with Modin?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Often data scientists have to use different tools for operating on datasets of different sizes. 
This is not only because processing large dataframes is slow, but also pandas does not support working 
with dataframes that don't fit into the available memory. As a result, pandas workflows that work well 
for prototyping on a few MBs of data do not scale to tens or hundreds of GBs (depending on the size 
of your machine). Modin supports operating on data that does not fit in memory, so that you can comfortably 
work with hundreds of GBs without worrying about substantial slowdown or memory errors. For more information, 
see :doc:`out-of-memory support <getting_started/out_of_core.rst>` for Modin.

> How does Modin work under the hood?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How does Modin work under the hood?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Modin is logically separated into different layers that represent the hierarchy of a 
typical Database Management System. User queries which perform data transformation, 

> data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin query compiler which translates 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
data ingress or data egress pass through the Modin Query Compiler which translates 
```

> queries from the top-level pandas API Layer that users interact with to the Modin Core DataFrame_ layer. 

Reviewer 2: Modin Core DataFrame_ refers to pandas DataFrame docs that is not correct. Please, fix the link.

> :py:class:`~modin.pandas.dataframe.DataFrame` layer. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dataframe layer. 
```
Modin Core Dataframe layer is located deeper than a high level DataFrame object so suggest removing this link.

which allows for distributing tasks and queries. From here, the Modin DataFrame works with engines like
Ray or Dask to execute computation, and then return the results to the user.

For more details, take a look at our system :doc:`architecture </developer/architecture>`. 

> If I’m only using my laptop, can I still get the benefits of Modin?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If I’m only using my laptop, can I still get the benefits of Modin?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Absolutely! Unlike other parallel DataFrame systems, Modin is an extremely 
light-weight, robust DataFrame. Because it is so light-weight, Modin provides 
speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores 
and allows you to work on data that doesn't fit in your laptop's RAM.

> How do I use Jupyter or Colab notebooks with Modin?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How do I use Jupyter or Colab notebooks with Modin?
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

You can take a look at this Google Colab installation guide_ and

> this notebook tutorial_. Once Modin is installed, simply replace your pandas

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should put a link to https://github.com/modin-project/modin/tree/master/examples/tutorial?

Author: This is a much better page to link to, thanks!

import with Modin import:

.. code-block:: python

    # import pandas as pd
    import modin.pandas as pd

> Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Whichever one you want! Modin supports Ray_ and Dask_ execution engines to provide an effortless way 
to speed up your pandas workflows. The best thing is that you don't need to know 
anything about Ray and Dask in order to use Modin and Modin will automatically 
detect which engine you have 
installed and use that for scheduling computation. If you don't have a preference, we recommend 
starting with Modin's default Ray engine. If you want to use a specific 
compute engine, you can set the environment variable ``MODIN_ENGINE`` and 
Modin will do computation with that engine:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install "modin[ray]" # Install Modin dependencies and Ray to run on Ray
    export MODIN_ENGINE=ray  # Modin will use Ray

    pip install "modin[dask]" # Install Modin dependencies and Dask to run on Dask
    export MODIN_ENGINE=dask  # Modin will use Dask

We also have an experimental OmniSciDB-based engine of Modin you can read about :doc:`here </developer/using_omnisci>`.
We plan to support more execution engines in future. If you have a specific request, 
please post on the #feature-requests channel on our Slack_ community. 

> How can I contribute to Modin?
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How can I contribute to Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
=================================

Below, you will find answer to the most commonly asked questions you may have about
Modin. If you still cannot find the answer you are looking for, please post on 
the #support channel on our Slack_ community or open a Github issue_.

What’s the issue with pandas? Why should I use Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
In pandas, you are only able to use one core at a time when you are doing computation of
any kind. This approach does not scale on larger data sets and adding more hardware does not
solve the problem.  

The ``modin.pandas`` `DataFrame`_ is an extremely light-weight parallel DataFrame. Modin
transparently distributes the data and computation so that all you need to do is
continue using the pandas API as you were before installing Modin. With Modin, 
you are able to use all of the CPU cores on your machine, and because of it's light-weight
nature often results in less memory overhead than pandas.

> 

Reviewer: LGTM!

> How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?
> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> Even in a traditionally serial task like ``read_csv``, we see large gains by efficiently 
> distributing the work across your entire machine. Because it is so light-weight, 
> Modin provides speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores. This speedup scales
> efficiently with larger machines with more cores.

Reviewer 5: In addition to these suggestions, we should add links to the Modin papers here.
```suggestion
How much faster can I go with Modin compared to pandas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Modin is designed to scale with the amount of hardware available.
Even in a traditionally serial task like ``read_csv``, we see large gains by efficiently 
distributing the work across your entire machine. Because it is so light-weight, 
Modin provides speed-ups of up to 4x on a laptop with 4 physical cores. This speedup scales
efficiently with larger machines with more cores. We have several published papers that
include performance results and comparisons against pandas.
```
